docs/appendix/about.md, before:

---
comments: true
icon: material/file-question-outline
---

# About
Thank you for viewing this tutorial! This page isn't a part of the tutorial,
but rather a general information page about the tutorial itself.

## Authors
Authors are people who have directly contributed to the text, via the Git
repository for this site.

* [upasadena](https://github.com/upasadena), the original creator

## Contributors
Contributors are those who are credited and acknowledged as having contributed
to this tutorial from the time of its official release.

* None as of yet

## TODO
- [ ] Finish the base tutorial
    - [x] Finish the Introduction section
    - [x] Finish the Basics section
    - [ ] Finish the Mechanics section
        - [x] Rows
        - [x] Objects / Choices
        - [x] Addons
        - [x] IDs & Requirements
        - [x] Points & Scores
        - [x] Images
        - [x] Defaults
        <!-- - [ ] Copying -->
        - [x] Words
        - [ ] Buttons (& Variables)
        - [ ] Groups
        - [ ] Backpack & Choice Import
    - [ ] Finish the Styling section
        - [ ] Design – Basically like, design theory
        - [ ] Style Templates
        - [ ] Colour – How you should choose colour, where to put it
        - [ ] Backgrounds
            - [ ] Link to static background in Reference, or vice versa
        - [ ] Text
        - [ ] Filters
        - [ ] Private Styling
    - [ ] Finish the Publishing section
    - [x] Finish the Extending Your CYOA section
    - [ ] Finish the Reference section
    - [ ] Finish the Troubleshooting section
    - [x] Finish the Resources section (will it ever be truly finished?)
- [ ] Add a section detailing how to get pages.dev, netlify.app, etc.
- [ ] Add a End-of-tutorial Project where there's a step by step remake of a
CYOA.
- [ ] Add JavaScript to show when, from now, a release happened
- [ ] Delete unneeded JavaScript
- [ ] Find a way to count words and characters
- [ ] Delete ideologically-driven information, such as git. The people most
likely do not need nor want to know that.
- [ ] After the ICCT is written, go through the main tutorial and add
everything that is possible into the Mechanics
- [ ] Compress all the gifs to limit bandwidth, but not enough such that the
  gifs lose legibility. Use `gifsicle` in a python script.
- [ ] Standardize "after"/"result"/"with" and "before"/"without" etc
  tabbed titles
- [ ] Chill with the quotes, and instead rewrite the quotes into information in
  my own words.
- [ ] Add my own custom Viewer js file, this time adding:
    - [ ] `alt` attribute for `<img>`s
    - [ ] `referrerpolicy` attribute for `<a>` links
- [ ] Make a chapter detailing how to actually *create* ICYOAs
    - [ ] Section on OCR, including my command line tool, caveats, etc
    - [ ] Section on finding the text, seeing if there's a Google Doc –
      Mentioning if 
    - [ ] Section on handwriting it
    - [ ] Advice on asking the author if they have a Google Doc of it, so that
      you can more easily copy it?

## Changelog

### v0.11.0 (WIP)
_Released on _

* Added more examples (or TODO examples) to the Reference. I expect examples
  or pictures for every single entry there by `v1.0.0`
* Moved Allowed HTML tags, Allowed Attributes, and Allowed Styles into the
  Reference section
* Added **Icons** to each page title in the Navigation Bar
* Found a new tutorial that has a lot of stuff to add
* Compressed all gifs, saving 110 MB / 28.8% of space (script in repo)
* Added `UTC` to the last two releases' dates

### v0.10.0
_Released on 2023-07-10 11:59:17 UTC_

* Finished the first revision of the **Extending Your CYOA** section
* Added some abbreviations

[Download the source code][dl-0.10.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.9.0
_Released on 2023-07-10 at 07:09:35 UTC_

* Added and finished **Words** section
* Ticked Addons of the TODO because I'm dumb
* Added Addons as completed on the Mechanics index
* Fixed my release dates not following the YYYY-MM-DD format
* Deleted **Copying** section, will be adding to Rows
* Added missing functionality to Rows section, adding links to main pages
* Realized I had skipped some Object functions purely because I was going to
  address them in their other sections. So I made a title and linked them to
  where they are actually hosted.
* Moved a whole section of the Words tutorial to the Reference
* Added Web Programming resources in Resources
* Added a bit to the Reference
* Finished Static Background section
* Fixed some dead links (have to get a tool to check for that)

[Download the source code][dl-0.9.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.8.0
_Released on 2023-07-10 at 00:47:05 UTC_

* Finished the **Addons** section
* Fixed the "Last update" not working as intended
* Fixed missing Viewer file
* Reordered Mechanics section in TODO
* Added `authors` section down the bottom, which will show the contributor
  percentage if there is more than one author.
* Changed Reference text to make more sense
* Miscellaneous fixes

[Download the source code][dl-0.8.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.7.0
_Released on 2023-07-09 at 11:40:35 UTC_

* Finished the first revision of the **Defaults** section
* Miscellaneous fixes

[Download the source code][dl-0.7.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.6.1
_Released on 2023-07-09 at 11:21:29 UTC_

* Finished first revision of the **Image** section
* Added the Troubleshooting section on the official TODO, made a start on it
* Moved **Reference**, **About**, and **Troubleshooting** pages into the
  **Appendix**
* Added `(TODO)` and `(WIP)` prefixes to the Reference
* Added Sharing section back to the Introduction
* Moved the TODO from the README.md to the About page
* Added **Resources** section.
* Enabled Task Lists for the TODO section
* Added the **Design** section under **Styling**
* Fixed a few bad links
* Minor typograpgical fixes

What happened to `v0.6.0`? I forgot to `push` my changes before making a
release :P

[Download the source code][dl-0.6.1]{ .md-button }

### v0.5.1
_Released on 2023-07-07 at 09:11:38 UTC_

* Finally completed the **IDs and Requirements** section 
* Enabled comments for the **Points and Scores** section
* Updated Mechanics's Table of Contents
* Added a script `loop_serve.ps1` because mkdocs kept crashing when I moved
files while it was building the site

[Download the source code][dl-0.5.1]{ .md-button }

### v0.5.0
_Released on 2023-07-07 at 07:55:19 UTC_

* Added **Points & Scores** section, finished first revision
* Changed Objects section title from "Objects" to "Objects / Choices"
* Realized that I had not, in fact, finished **IDs and Requirements**
    * Updated headings but have not finished filling it out
* Added code block copying functionality

[Download the source code][dl-0.5.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.4.0
_Released on 2023-07-07 at 05:12:04 UTC_

* Finished **IDs and Requirements** section
* Fixed Mechanics' TOC
* Added previous version's information here
* Created Basics section and separated the Introduction/Preface from it
* Added links to the Reference section at the bottom of each section
* Adjusted CONTRIBUTING.md
* Other miscellaneous changes

[Download the source code][dl-0.4.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.3.1
_Released on 2023-07-07 at 02:07:22 UTC_

* Created a CONTRIBUTING.md so contributors know what they need to
* Switched from AGPLv3 for the entire project to AGPLv3 for the source only,
  and CC BY-SA 4.0 for the content
* Added massive TODO check list in the README.MD
* Added building instructions
* Added an About page with information on the tutorial itself
* Added comment sections to all pages, not just the very front page
* Added a lot of images to the IDs & Requirements sections, with it nearly
  being done
* Added a table of contents to the Mechanics section, I'll do it to all places
  from now on
* Did a lot of work to the Publishing section
* Filled in a lot of the Reference section
* Updated abbreviations list
* Updated Manual of Style to include time and date formats

[Download the source code][dl-0.3.1]{ .md-button }

### v0.3.0
_Released on 2022-06-17 at 19:48:21 UTC_

* Added first revision of the **Objects** page
* Tidied up previous stuff

[Download the source code][dl-0.3.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.2.0
_Released on 2022-06-17 at 17:37:11 UTC_

* Finished first revision of the **Rows** page
* Updated previous Introduction and other miscellaneous changes

[Download the source code][dl-0.2.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.1.0
_Released on 2022-06-17 at 13:40:35 UTC_

* Initial release
* Completed first revision of the **Introduction** section

[Download the source code][dl-0.1.0]{ .md-button }

## Licence
This site is dual-licensed under the [AGPLv3] and [CC BY-SA 4.0] licences.

### Content
All original content (text, images, etc) in this tutorial is licensed under
the [CC BY-SA 4.0] licence.

[To summarize](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/cc-by-sa-4.0/):

* **Permissions:**
    * **Commercial use:** The licensed material and derivatives may be used for
    commerical purposes.
    * **Distribution:** The licensed material may be distributed.
    * **Modification:** The licensed material may be modified.
    * **Private use:** The licensed material may be used and modified in
    private.
* **Conditions:**
    * **License and copyright notice:** A copy of the licence and copyright
    notice must be included with the licensed material.
    * **Same licence:** Modifications must be released under the same licence
    when distributing the licensed material. In some cases a similar or
    related licence may be used.
    * **State changes:** Changes made to the licensed material must be
    documented.
* **Limitations:**
    * **Liability:** This licence includes a limitation of liability.
    * **Patent use:** This licence explicitly states that it does NOT grant any
    rights in the patents of contributors.
    * **Trademark use:** This licence explicitly states that it does NOT grant
    trademark rights, even though licences without such a statement probably do
    not grant any implicit trademark rights.
    * **Warranty:** This licence explicitly states that it does NOT provide any
    warranty.

### Source Code
The source code for this tutorial is licensed under the [AGPLv3] licence.

[To summarize](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/):

* **Permissions:**
    * **Commercial use:** The licensed material and derivatives may be used for
    commerical purposes.
    * **Distribution:** The licensed material may be distributed.
    * **Modification:** The licensed material may be modified.
    * **Patent use:** This licence provides an express grant of patent rights
    from contributors.
    * **Private use:** The licensed material may be used and modified in
    private.
* **Conditions:**
    * **Disclose source:** Source code must be made available when the licensed
    material is distributed.
    * **License and copyright notice:** A copy of the licence and copyright
    notice must be included with the licensed material.
    * **Network use is distribution:** Users who interact with the licensed
    material via network are given the right to receive a copy of the source
    code.
    * **Same licence:** Modifications must be released under the same licence
    when distributing the licensed material. In some cases a similar or
    related licence may be used.
    * **State changes:** Changes made to the licensed material must be
    documented.
* **Limitations:**
    * **Liability:** This licence includes a limitation of liability.
    * **Warranty:** This licence explicitly states that it does NOT provide any
    warranty.

<!-- URLs -->
[AGPLv3]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html
[CC BY-SA 4.0]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode.txt
[dl-0.1.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.1.0.zip
[dl-0.2.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.2.0.zip
[dl-0.3.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.3.0.zip
[dl-0.3.1]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.3.1.zip
[dl-0.4.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.4.0.zip
[dl-0.5.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.5.0.zip
[dl-0.5.1]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.5.1.zip
[dl-0.6.1]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.6.1.zip
[dl-0.7.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.7.0.zip
[dl-0.8.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.8.0.zip
[dl-0.9.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.9.0.zip
[dl-0.10.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.10.0.zip

<!-- BUFFER -->

Commit message:

More work on Buttons + other changes

docs/appendix/about.md, after:

---
comments: true
icon: material/file-question-outline
---

# About
Thank you for viewing this tutorial! This page isn't a part of the tutorial,
but rather a general information page about the tutorial itself.

## Authors
Authors are people who have directly contributed to the text, via the Git
repository for this site.

* [upasadena](https://github.com/upasadena), the original creator

## Contributors
Contributors are those who are credited and acknowledged as having contributed
to this tutorial from the time of its official release.

* None as of yet

## TODO
- [ ] Finish the base tutorial
    - [x] Finish the Introduction section
    - [x] Finish the Basics section
    - [ ] Finish the Mechanics section
        - [x] Rows
        - [x] Objects / Choices
        - [x] Addons
        - [ ] Backpack & Choice Import
        - [x] IDs & Requirements
        - [x] Points & Scores
        - [x] Images
        - [x] Defaults
        <!-- - [ ] Copying -->
        - [x] Words
        - [ ] Buttons (& Variables)
        - [ ] Groups
    - [ ] Finish the Styling section
        - [ ] Design – Basically like, design theory
        - [ ] Style Templates
        - [ ] Colour – How you should choose colour, where to put it
        - [ ] Backgrounds
            - [ ] Link to static background in Reference, or vice versa
        - [ ] Text
        - [ ] Filters
        - [ ] Private Styling
    - [ ] Finish the Publishing section
    - [x] Finish the Extending Your CYOA section
    - [ ] Finish the Reference section
    - [ ] Finish the Troubleshooting section
    - [x] Finish the Resources section (will it ever be truly finished?)
- [ ] Add a section detailing how to get pages.dev, netlify.app, etc.
- [ ] Add a End-of-tutorial Project where there's a step by step remake of a
CYOA.
- [ ] Add JavaScript to show when, from now, a release happened
- [ ] Delete unneeded JavaScript
- [ ] Find a way to count words and characters
- [ ] Delete ideologically-driven information, such as git. The people most
likely do not need nor want to know that.
- [ ] After the ICCT is written, go through the main tutorial and add
everything that is possible into the Mechanics
- [x] Compress all the gifs to limit bandwidth, but not enough such that the
  gifs lose legibility. Use `gifsicle` in a python script.
- [ ] Standardize "after"/"result"/"with" and "before"/"without" etc
  tabbed titles
- [ ] Chill with the quotes, and instead rewrite the quotes into information in
  my own words.
- [ ] Add my own custom Viewer js file, this time adding:
    - [ ] `alt` attribute for `<img>`s
    - [ ] `referrerpolicy` attribute for `<a>` links
- [ ] Make a chapter detailing how to actually *create* ICYOAs
    - [ ] Section on OCR, including my command line tool, caveats, etc
    - [ ] Section on finding the text, seeing if there's a Google Doc –
      Mentioning possibly asking the authors for a text version
    - [ ] Section on handwriting it
    - [ ] Advice on asking the author if they have a Google Doc of it, so that
      you can more easily copy it?
- [ ] Add tip block when talking about the Viewer, mentioning that projects
  automatically start at the `index.html`, meaning they don't need to include
  that in the title (and it looks nicer)

## Changelog

### v0.11.0 (WIP)
_Released on DATE at TIME UTC_

* Added more examples (or TODO examples) to the Reference. I expect examples
  or pictures for every single entry there by `v1.0.0`
* Moved Allowed HTML tags, Allowed Attributes, and Allowed Styles into the
  Reference section
* Added **Icons** to each page title in the Navigation Bar
* Found a new tutorial that has a lot of stuff to add
* Compressed all gifs, saving 110 MB / 28.8% of space (script in repo)
* Added `UTC` to the last two releases' dates
* Changed Purpose to Background and expanded on it in the Introduction
* Using privacy-friendly stats now
* Split Background into Rationale and Background in the About menu
* Added `at` to the previous release date
* Deleted old `_main.html` template that was useless
* Added some abbreviations
* Added more to the Styling
* Created a **Colours** page, that is of yet still unfinished (will finish
  after Styling section is finished)
* 
* Miscellaneous additions and fixes

### v0.10.0
_Released on 2023-07-10 at 11:59:17 UTC_

* Finished the first revision of the **Extending Your CYOA** section
* Added some abbreviations

[Download the source code][dl-0.10.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.9.0
_Released on 2023-07-10 at 07:09:35 UTC_

* Added and finished **Words** section
* Ticked Addons of the TODO because I'm dumb
* Added Addons as completed on the Mechanics index
* Fixed my release dates not following the YYYY-MM-DD format
* Deleted **Copying** section, will be adding to Rows
* Added missing functionality to Rows section, adding links to main pages
* Realized I had skipped some Object functions purely because I was going to
  address them in their other sections. So I made a title and linked them to
  where they are actually hosted.
* Moved a whole section of the Words tutorial to the Reference
* Added Web Programming resources in Resources
* Added a bit to the Reference
* Finished Static Background section
* Fixed some dead links (have to get a tool to check for that)

[Download the source code][dl-0.9.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.8.0
_Released on 2023-07-10 at 00:47:05 UTC_

* Finished the **Addons** section
* Fixed the "Last update" not working as intended
* Fixed missing Viewer file
* Reordered Mechanics section in TODO
* Added `authors` section down the bottom, which will show the contributor
  percentage if there is more than one author.
* Changed Reference text to make more sense
* Miscellaneous fixes

[Download the source code][dl-0.8.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.7.0
_Released on 2023-07-09 at 11:40:35 UTC_

* Finished the first revision of the **Defaults** section
* Miscellaneous fixes

[Download the source code][dl-0.7.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.6.1
_Released on 2023-07-09 at 11:21:29 UTC_

* Finished first revision of the **Image** section
* Added the Troubleshooting section on the official TODO, made a start on it
* Moved **Reference**, **About**, and **Troubleshooting** pages into the
  **Appendix**
* Added `(TODO)` and `(WIP)` prefixes to the Reference
* Added Sharing section back to the Introduction
* Moved the TODO from the README.md to the About page
* Added **Resources** section.
* Enabled Task Lists for the TODO section
* Added the **Design** section under **Styling**
* Fixed a few bad links
* Minor typograpgical fixes

What happened to `v0.6.0`? I forgot to `push` my changes before making a
release :P

[Download the source code][dl-0.6.1]{ .md-button }

### v0.5.1
_Released on 2023-07-07 at 09:11:38 UTC_

* Finally completed the **IDs and Requirements** section 
* Enabled comments for the **Points and Scores** section
* Updated Mechanics's Table of Contents
* Added a script `loop_serve.ps1` because mkdocs kept crashing when I moved
files while it was building the site

[Download the source code][dl-0.5.1]{ .md-button }

### v0.5.0
_Released on 2023-07-07 at 07:55:19 UTC_

* Added **Points & Scores** section, finished first revision
* Changed Objects section title from "Objects" to "Objects / Choices"
* Realized that I had not, in fact, finished **IDs and Requirements**
    * Updated headings but have not finished filling it out
* Added code block copying functionality

[Download the source code][dl-0.5.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.4.0
_Released on 2023-07-07 at 05:12:04 UTC_

* Finished **IDs and Requirements** section
* Fixed Mechanics' TOC
* Added previous version's information here
* Created Basics section and separated the Introduction/Preface from it
* Added links to the Reference section at the bottom of each section
* Adjusted CONTRIBUTING.md
* Other miscellaneous changes

[Download the source code][dl-0.4.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.3.1
_Released on 2023-07-07 at 02:07:22 UTC_

* Created a CONTRIBUTING.md so contributors know what they need to
* Switched from AGPLv3 for the entire project to AGPLv3 for the source only,
  and CC BY-SA 4.0 for the content
* Added massive TODO check list in the README.MD
* Added building instructions
* Added an About page with information on the tutorial itself
* Added comment sections to all pages, not just the very front page
* Added a lot of images to the IDs & Requirements sections, with it nearly
  being done
* Added a table of contents to the Mechanics section, I'll do it to all places
  from now on
* Did a lot of work to the Publishing section
* Filled in a lot of the Reference section
* Updated abbreviations list
* Updated Manual of Style to include time and date formats

[Download the source code][dl-0.3.1]{ .md-button }

### v0.3.0
_Released on 2022-06-17 at 19:48:21 UTC_

* Added first revision of the **Objects** page
* Tidied up previous stuff

[Download the source code][dl-0.3.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.2.0
_Released on 2022-06-17 at 17:37:11 UTC_

* Finished first revision of the **Rows** page
* Updated previous Introduction and other miscellaneous changes

[Download the source code][dl-0.2.0]{ .md-button }

### v0.1.0
_Released on 2022-06-17 at 13:40:35 UTC_

* Initial release
* Completed first revision of the **Introduction** section

[Download the source code][dl-0.1.0]{ .md-button }

## Licence
This site is dual-licensed under the [AGPLv3] and [CC BY-SA 4.0] licences.

### Content
All original content (text, images, etc) in this tutorial is licensed under
the [CC BY-SA 4.0] licence.

[To summarize](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/cc-by-sa-4.0/):

* **Permissions:**
    * **Commercial use:** The licensed material and derivatives may be used for
    commerical purposes.
    * **Distribution:** The licensed material may be distributed.
    * **Modification:** The licensed material may be modified.
    * **Private use:** The licensed material may be used and modified in
    private.
* **Conditions:**
    * **License and copyright notice:** A copy of the licence and copyright
    notice must be included with the licensed material.
    * **Same licence:** Modifications must be released under the same licence
    when distributing the licensed material. In some cases a similar or
    related licence may be used.
    * **State changes:** Changes made to the licensed material must be
    documented.
* **Limitations:**
    * **Liability:** This licence includes a limitation of liability.
    * **Patent use:** This licence explicitly states that it does NOT grant any
    rights in the patents of contributors.
    * **Trademark use:** This licence explicitly states that it does NOT grant
    trademark rights, even though licences without such a statement probably do
    not grant any implicit trademark rights.
    * **Warranty:** This licence explicitly states that it does NOT provide any
    warranty.

### Source Code
The source code for this tutorial is licensed under the [AGPLv3] licence.

[To summarize](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/):

* **Permissions:**
    * **Commercial use:** The licensed material and derivatives may be used for
    commerical purposes.
    * **Distribution:** The licensed material may be distributed.
    * **Modification:** The licensed material may be modified.
    * **Patent use:** This licence provides an express grant of patent rights
    from contributors.
    * **Private use:** The licensed material may be used and modified in
    private.
* **Conditions:**
    * **Disclose source:** Source code must be made available when the licensed
    material is distributed.
    * **License and copyright notice:** A copy of the licence and copyright
    notice must be included with the licensed material.
    * **Network use is distribution:** Users who interact with the licensed
    material via network are given the right to receive a copy of the source
    code.
    * **Same licence:** Modifications must be released under the same licence
    when distributing the licensed material. In some cases a similar or
    related licence may be used.
    * **State changes:** Changes made to the licensed material must be
    documented.
* **Limitations:**
    * **Liability:** This licence includes a limitation of liability.
    * **Warranty:** This licence explicitly states that it does NOT provide any
    warranty.

<!-- URLs -->
[AGPLv3]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html
[CC BY-SA 4.0]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode.txt
[dl-0.1.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.1.0.zip
[dl-0.2.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.2.0.zip
[dl-0.3.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.3.0.zip
[dl-0.3.1]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.3.1.zip
[dl-0.4.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.4.0.zip
[dl-0.5.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.5.0.zip
[dl-0.5.1]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.5.1.zip
[dl-0.6.1]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.6.1.zip
[dl-0.7.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.7.0.zip
[dl-0.8.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.8.0.zip
[dl-0.9.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.9.0.zip
[dl-0.10.0]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/tags/v0.10.0.zip

<!-- BUFFER -->
