docs/appendix/resources.md, before:

---
comments: true
icon: material/bookmark-outline
---

# Resources

## Interactive CYOA Creator

* [Online version](https://intcyoacreator.onrender.com/)
* [Offline version at itch.io (one-time purchase of 2.50 USD or more)][icc]
* [Interactive CYOA Creator Plus][ICC+]^([post][ICC+post])^([repo][ICC+repo])^ – By Wahaha303 /
  Hikawa Sisters. A modded version of the ICC that includes a massive amount of
  changes, such as automatically converting large images files to webp, border
  image setting, large backpack image download, a loading animation built in to
  the viewer, and other additions. Also fixes each row duplicating the
  background image and many more other fixes. Includes a new
  [viewer][ICC+viewer].
* [Lt. Ouroumov's Modded Creator][lt-creat] – A modded version of the ICC that
  has many changes, such as generating longer IDs and requirement optimization.

[ICC+]: https://hikawasisters.neocities.org/ICCPlus/
[ICC+post]: https://www.reddit.com/r/InteractiveCYOA/comments/1dlwjyj/modded_interactive_cyoa_creator_plus/
[ICC+viewer]: https://github.com/wahaha303/ICCPlus/releases/latest
[ICC+repo]: https://github.com/wahaha303/ICCPlus
[lt-creat]: https://cyoa.ltouroumov.ch/editor/

## Tools

* [AvifCyoaCompressor]^([repo][avif-repo])^ ^([post][avif-post])^ – By
  blathers16/bubo_virginianus. A tool that compresses CYOAs massively by
  converting the images to the .avif or webm format, which supports both
  regular images and GIFs, dropping the project size anywhere from 30 to 55%.

!!! warning

    Some people find that this website's quality slider doesn't work, and may
    end up increasing the file size. Please make sure to backup any work before
    using this tool, and compare the `project.json`s' file sizes before
    deciding to upload it[^Aquagirl2001].

* [InteractiveCyoaVerifier]^([repo][ver-repo])^ – By blathers16. This is a tool
  that checks CYOAs too make sure that there are no bugs.
* [dct][dct-repo] – By DelicateIntegral. A tool that can process ICC
  jsons in various ways.

    Some example tasks that it can do on ICC jsons (go to the repo link to get
    detailed info):

    * Disabling Images.
    * Refreshing Discord links, downloading images to a image folder and updating urls accordingly.
    * Converting Images (image format, image quality can be chosen) when saving
      after downloading.
    * Changing prefixes of urls/paths of images in json.
    * Converting Base64 embedded images to local images in image folder and
      updating urls/paths accordingly.
    * Converting images in image folder to Base64 and embedding in json.

* [build.js/build.css][dcyoas-repo] – By DelicateIntegral. You can include these two
  files in your index.html to give users option to save/load/delete builds. Go to this
  [release link][dcyoas-build-release] to get the zip file containing these two files.
  To check how it looks, see this [live deployment][dcyoas-build-deploy]
* [IntCyoaAutosaver] – By Name0930. A userscript that automatically saves your
  CYOAs made with MeanDelay's or Lt. Ouroumov's creator.
  [RegExp Download Organizer] can be used with this to automatically sort your
  downloads folder.

[AvifCyoaCompressor]: https://avif-cyoa-compressor.neocities.org/
[avif-repo]: https://github.com/blathers16/avif-cyoa-compressor
[avif-post]: https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa/comments/1bym8t8/new_cyoa_compressor/
[InteractiveCyoaVerifier]: https://interactive-cyoa-verifier.neocities.org/
[ver-repo]: https://github.com/blathers16/interactive-cyoa-verifier
[dct-repo]: https://github.com/DelicateIntegral/dct
[dcyoas-repo]: https://github.com/DelicateIntegral/cyoas
[dcyoas-build-release]: https://github.com/DelicateIntegral/cyoas/releases/latest
[dcyoas-build-deploy]: https://delicateintegral.github.io/cyoas/
[IntCyoaAutosaver]: https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/491127-intcyoaautosaver
[RegExp Download Organizer]: https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/regexp-download-organizer/oamembonjndgangicfphlckkdmagpjlg

## Other Creators

* [NeoICC](https://github.com/sgvsbg8gv29ybgqk/neoicc) - An ideological
  successor to the original Interactive CYOA Creator
* [Interactive CYOA Engine](https://cyoaengine.neocities.org/) - May need to
  edit files directly as the editor isn't done yet.
* [Lt Ouroumov's CYOA Editor](https://github.com/ltouroumov/cyoa-editor)
* [CYOA Maker](https://cyoa-maker.glitch.me/) – A creator that builds off of
  static images
* [CYOA Generator](https://github.com/maxtepafray/cyoa-generator) – An
  AngularJS based web framework for making interactive CYOAs. Preview
  [here](https://maxtepafray.github.io/cyoa-generator/).
* [Chickens2's Engine](https://github.com/chickens2/chickens2.github.io/) –
  Engine and development environment for interactive versions of CYOA images
* [CYOA Studio](https://quantencomputer.github.io/cyoastudio/) – An open-source
static CYOA creator, for those who are less graphically-inclined.
* [CYOAP](https://n7484443.github.io/cyoap_flutter/) – An online creator that
  apparently allows for advanced logic
* [Corrosive-Forge](https://github.com/Arzte/Corrosive-Forge/) (WIP) – An
  interactive CYOA maker & viewer made in Rust with the Leptos crate
* [Moirai Interactive] by Lt. Ouroumov – An Interactive CYOA Creator. Seemingly
  inactive
* [Novelette](https://github.com/WriterOfWorlds/Novelette) (Unknown status) –
  Designed as a replacement/successor to the Interactive CYOA Creator, with the
  ability to play and create visual novels too.

[Moirai Interactive]: https://ltouroumov.github.io/moirai-interactive/editor/#/

## Social Media

### Reddit

* [r/InteractiveCYOA] – A subreddit for Interactive CYOAs. If you make an
Interactive, feel free to showcase it here!
* [r/makeyourchoice] – The original CYOA subreddit. Interactives are accepted
but only if you link the static. If you are creating an original interactive,
either [export it as a static] or create a static manually.
* [r/nsfwcyoa] – A subreddit for NSFW CYOAs.

### Discord

Here are some discord servers that relate to CYOAs and Interactive CYOAs.

* [PixelGMS's Interactive CYOAs] – The primary discord server for Interactive
CYOAs. It was made by [u/PixelGMS], who is the creator of the
[r/InteractiveCYOA] subreddit.
  * If you join, go into `#roles` and get the `CYOA Making Channels` role.
    This will let you join `#cyoa-making`, a channel that'll help you should
    you get stuck on something.
* [makeyourchoice] – A discord server for the [r/makeyourchoice] subreddit.
* [nsfwcyoa] – A discord server for the [r/nsfwcyoa] subreddit.
  * Check out [#programming-and-interactives-tank] for discussion on
      Interactive CYOAs.
* [CYOA 101](https://discord.gg/QNBKw6beu9) – A server for learning how to do
  CYOAs, by Dragon's Whore.
* [/CYOA/] – A discord server from 4chan.
* [CYOA][CYOA-discord] – Another discord server from 4chan.

### Other

* [https://arca.live/b/cyoa](https://arca.live/b/cyoa) – Korean CYOA community

## Tutorials

Credits to these tutorials and information sources for helping me make this
tutorial.

* [CYOA 101 by Dragon's Whore] (NSFW) – A huge tutorial on how to make
  Interactive CYOAs
* [How to guide on making interactive CYOAs for a first time creator. (Reddit)]
– This guide shows you how to upload your finished Interactive CYOAs to
Neocities, which is also covered in *this* tutorial
[here](./publishing/#uploading-your-project).

  Direct links:

  * [Imgur](https://imgur.com/a/QV36Ix8)
  * [Google Slides][1]

* [Tips and Pitfalls for Interactive CYOA Creators (Reddit)] – Contributed a
fair amount to this tutorial.
* [MeanDelay's Interactive CYOA Creator Tutorial][pgmstut] – Made by
  [u/PixelGMS]
* [Interactive CYOA Tips & Tricks (intcyoacreator)][png-man-tutorial] – Made by
  [u/PNG-MAN].
* [Uploading Interactive CYOAs onto neocities] – By [u/PixelatedNSFW].
* [Here's how to put your CYOA onto Neocities] – Also by [u/PixelatedNSFW].
* [Just curious, how do you start making CYOAs?] – Advice in the comments
* [Wanna make a cyoa... but how important is the design?] – Advice in the
comments
* [How to make (format) a CYOA post?] – Advice in the comments

### Static CYOAs

Resources primarily for Static CYOAs. May still apply to creating Interactives.

* [How to Create a CYOA] – From the official [r/makeyourchoice] subreddit, this
  guide is focused more on static CYOAs. However, should you create an
  Interactive from scratch rather than adapting them, this could help you.
* [Tips and Tricks for CYOA Making] – By Hexall.
* [On Building CYOAs] - By Fox.
* [Tips for writing descriptions] – A post with many comments to help you write
  descriptions of your own content.
* [Inkscape Guide] – An (incomplete?) guide on how to use Inkscape to make
  CYOAs

[On Building CYOAs]: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1s3qR_KsmRlD5FAzle0l488yhhpoI_hV1/view

## Templates

* Interactive CYOA Template by Valmar
  * [Preview](https://valmar.neocities.org/cyoas/template/)
  * [Download][cyoa-template-dl]
* [Static CYOA Template by Pubby](https://github.com/pubby/cyoa-template) –
An HTML and CSS template for creating 4chan-style CYOAs.

## CYOAs

### Archives

Actual downloadable CYOAs.

* [The Allsync](https://cyoaarchive.com/main) – The Allsync is perhaps **the**
definitive CYOA archive. It contains almost all static CYOAs, taking up a
whopping total of 103.7 GB as of writing this.
  * [Alternate link][allsync-latest].
  * [The Blog](https://cyoaarchive.blogspot.com/)
  * [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/cyoa_archive) – Support the Allsync
      financially using the official Patreon
* [CYOA (Drive)][cyoa-drive] – A massive NSFW CYOA archive. Claims to have 80%
  of CYOAs (presumably only NSFW ones). Has 300 folders.
* [TokHaar Gol's CYOAs] – This is TokHaar Gol's personal Google Drive with
their CYOAs.

### Indexes

Catalogues and links to CYOAs.

* [CYOA Archives] – An absolutely massive sortable catalogue of both Static AND
  Interactive CYOAs. Includes NSFW. 10,612 entries.
* [Infaera's Interactive Index](https://infaera.neocities.org/) – By
[u/Infaera]. A solid index of Interactive CYOAs, containing 406 entries.
  * [Reddit post][infaera-post]
* [NSFWCYOA Archive] – A massive archive of NSFW CYOAs. Includes Interactives
in a separate sheet. Also has a lot of sorting options. 1571 main entries and
258 Interactive entries as of writing.
* [List of Interactive CYOAs] – From [r/nsfwcyoa].
  * [TextBin](https://textbin.net/clone/veoxiknpjo)
* [CYOA List (Doc)][cyoa-list] — A document containing a list of CYOAs, static,
  interactive, SFW, and NSFW. 202 entries.
* [Compilation of all Interactive CYOAs on r/InteractiveCYOA] – By
[u/PixelGMS]. It contains 57 entries.
  * [Reddit post][pixel-post]
* [Ikeran's Jumpchain Index](https://ikeran.org/jumpchain-index.html) – A list
  of Jumpchains

## Stories

Websites where you can post stories made by CYOAs.

* [SpaceBattles (SB)](https://forums.spacebattles.com/) – A forum for all sorts
  of things. The **Creative Writing** section is where you can post and view
  stories.
  * [General CYOA Thread][sb-general-cyoa-thread]
  * [Creative Writing][sb-cw]
* [Questionable Questing (QQ)](https://questionablequesting.com/) **(NSFW)** –
  Like the above, but is more lenient in terms of rules. Allows NSFW content.
  * [General QQ CYOA Thread][qq-general-cyoa-thread] – Check the
        [Threadmarks][qq-thread-tm] for more indexes
* [Sufficient Velocity (SV)](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/) – A
  splinter of SpaceBattles.

[sb-cw]: https://forums.spacebattles.com/forums/creative-writing.18/

## Images and Media

### General

* [Pixiv](https://www.pixiv.net/en/)
* [Artstation](https://www.artstation.com)
* [DeviantArt](https://www.deviantart.com/)
* [Danbooru](https://danbooru.donmai.us/) – Anime images (contains NSFW)
* [Gelbooru](https://gelbooru.com/) – Anime and Hentai gallery (contains NSFW)
* [Google Images](https://www.google.com/imghp)
* [/tg/booru](https://grognard.booru.org/) – Booru for /tg/
* [Pinterest](https://www.pinterest.com)
* [Zerochan](https://www.zerochan.net/) – Anime images

### Icons

* [https://game-icons.net/](https://game-icons.net/)

### Fonts

* [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) – Massive fonts list for use in
  your project.

### Background

* [Toptal Subtle Patterns](https://www.toptal.com/designers/subtlepatterns/)
  – 500+ subtle background patterns for background flair.

## Other Resources

* [r/nsfwcyoa's wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa/wiki/index/)
* [Image Resources] – From [r/makeyourchoice]

## Programming Resources

### HTML

* [Programiz](https://www.programiz.com/html) – Easy to understand.
* [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp) – Good reference.

### CSS

* [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp) – Reference.
* [Guide to CSS properties and selectors](https://css-tricks.com/almanac/)
* [A Complete Guide to Flexbox by CSS Tricks] – Tutorial on Flexboxes
* [Learn CSS Layout](https://learnlayout.com/)

### JavaScript

* [https://javascript.info/](https://javascript.info/) – Not interactive. One
  of the best full courses on JavaScript. This tutorial actually inspired me a
  lot to create this tutorial.
* [freeCodeCamp][fcc-js] – A good interactive JavaScript tutorial.
* [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/js/default.asp) – A good reference for
  when you want learn specific parts of the language.

### Multiple

* [freeCodeCamp][fcc-html-css] – Interactive HTML and CSS tutorial.
* [Mozilla docs] – HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Comprehensive, but can be hard to
  follow for beginners.
* [Learn to Code HTML & CSS](https://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/) – HTML and
  CSS basics. Very simple and easy to follow.
* [Interneting Is Hard](https://internetingishard.netlify.app/) – Friendly web
  development tutorials for complete beginners.
* [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/) – Web Dev Tutorials /
  Courses.

## Miscellaneous

* [Chooseyourownbooru](https://cyoa.booru.org/) – A booru for CYOAs.
* [CYOA Thread Pasta](https://pastebin.com/vrqYhnpu) – Pastebin that provided a
lot of information for this page.
* [Some Musings by a CYOA Author](https://pastebin.com/qaL8nDD8) – A post by
StarDustAnon. It contains musings and advice on how to create CYOAs in general.
An excellent read.
* [Interactive CYOA Tools](https://github.com/aronedwards91/portal-jumper) – A
  home page for aronedwards91's Interactive CYOA Tools.
* [ICCT Static Folder](/static) – It's the `static/` directory of this
  tutorial. It contains a couple of useful things to download.
* [ICC Comments](https://meandelay.itch.io/interactive-cyoa-creator/comments) –
  The Interactive CYOA Creator's comments section. Go to this if you can't find
  help anywhere else. You can also go through this, see if anyone else has had
  your problem, and see if anyone replied with a solution.
* [General QQ CYOA Thread's Threadmarks][qq-thread-tm] – A list of indexes that
  helped out this page

<!-- URLs -->
[cyoa-template-dl]: https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/cjssl5mk5h6rhr8mz7w1s/Template.json?rlkey=whf28vz69wqrt0d8jjfvitzty&dl=0
[icc]: https://meandelay.itch.io/interactive-cyoa-creator
[allsync-latest]: https://cyoa.allsync.com/s/owWor64yLTngDk3
[png-man-tutorial]: https://old.reddit.com/user/PNG-MAN/comments/y03ftf/interactive_cyoa_tips_tricks_intcyoacreator/
[1]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18wSgIooZxM_uA3I90KmZICl9guaQMeVIuqCpV-UffJA/edit
[How to guide on making interactive CYOAs for a first time creator. (Reddit)]: https://www.reddit.com/r/InteractiveCYOA/comments/nxrlvm/how_to_guide_on_making_interactive_cyoas_for_a/
[Tips and Pitfalls for Interactive CYOA Creators (Reddit)]: https://www.reddit.com/r/InteractiveCYOA/comments/wrf0hl/tips_and_pitfalls_for_interactive_cyoa_creators/
[export it as a static]: ../../publishing/static/
[pgmstut]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1WposnAdGbhDw1Yf11v1Fs-nKq4i500qvaCGlcd2xgrU/edit
[Compilation of all Interactive CYOAs on r/InteractiveCYOA]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UKCn4of4jQ4L8eAdV3gT5QGdeav7jNSeyxxehKmUepE/edit#gid=0
[infaera-post]: https://www.reddit.com/r/InteractiveCYOA/comments/x270ap/an_interactive_index/
[pixel-post]: https://old.reddit.com/r/InteractiveCYOA/comments/tcy0ds/rinteractivecyoa_cyoa_archive/
[nsfwcyoa Archive]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1B_VAe36Z85UCyDSTkNTLorAdPK3linniKPI7nw4tR00/edit#gid=1103183908
[cyoadb]: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/qs4ymgxa5zcj4kt/AABrLbkqxfdUMje3D2ibklh-a?dl=0
[TokHaar Gol's CYOAs]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B1CwO4KqTgloRXVUV19DR19hdEk
[tok]: https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa/wiki/profiles/tokhaargol/
[How to Create a CYOA]: https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/wiki/cyoaguide/
[Tips and Tricks for CYOA Making]: https://pastebin.com/ccCpYHzj
[Tips for writing descriptions]: https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/comments/drhoto/any_tips_for_writing_descriptions/
[Image Resources]: https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/wiki/imageresources/
[Uploading Interactive CYOAs onto neocities]: https://old.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa/comments/14uula6/uploading_interactive_cyoas_onto_neocities/
[Here's how to put your CYOA onto Neocities]: https://old.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa/comments/14uqf2g/emperors_harem/jr9by4e/
[Just curious, how do you start making CYOAs?]: https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/comments/bbu2kv/just_curious_how_do_you_start_making_cyoas/
[Wanna make a cyoa... but how important is the design?]: https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/comments/jvzklw/wanna_make_a_cyoa_but_how_important_is_the_design/
[How to make (format) a CYOA post?]: https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/comments/ddaqwa/how_to_make_format_a_cyoa_post/
[fcc-js]: https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/
[fcc-html-css]: https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/
[Mozilla docs]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn
[CYOA 101 by Dragon's Whore]: https://imgchest.com/p/ej7mkx9qydl
[Inkscape Guide]: https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa/wiki/tutorials/inkscapestartingguide/
[CYOA Archives]: https://cyoa-archive.getgrist.com/iRRjcoVdXJNV/CYOA-Archives/p/5
[A Complete Guide to Flexbox by CSS Tricks]: https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/
[cyoa-drive]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1rmtAKU9EbE4gDKb3TfRZOrCBVpgyxKIS?usp=drive_link
[sb-general-cyoa-thread]: https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/general-cyoa-thread.315809/
[qq-general-cyoa-thread]: https://questionablequesting.com/threads/general-qq-cyoa-thread.1263/
[qq-thread-tm]: https://questionablequesting.com/threads/general-qq-cyoa-thread.1263/threadmarks?category_id=1
[List of Interactive CYOAs]: https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa/comments/vjqmy2/list_of_interactive_cyoas/
[cyoa-list]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S8Xoemi0Z6ZgkxmhWmSOlFPMblfZQutoLjst7yqzUw8/edit

<!-- Subreddits -->
[r/InteractiveCYOA]: https://www.reddit.com/r/InteractiveCYOA/
[r/makeyourchoice]: https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/
[r/nsfwcyoa]: https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa

<!-- Users -->
[u/PNG-MAN]: https://old.reddit.com/user/PNG-MAN/
[u/PixelGMS]: https://old.reddit.com/user/PixelGMS
[u/Infaera]: https://old.reddit.com/user/Infaera/
[u/PixelatedNSFW]: https://old.reddit.com/user/PixelatedNSFW

<!-- Credits -->
[^Aquagirl2001]: Credit to `Aquagirl2001` on Discord for this.

<!-- Discord servers -->
[makeyourchoice]: https://discord.gg/M3sbCY2
[/CYOA/]: https://discord.gg/72QNY4Y
[CYOA-discord]: https://discord.gg/Cwm8nCM
[nsfwcyoa]: https://discord.gg/nVfxqbr
[PixelGMS's Interactive CYOAs]: https://discord.gg/Nvadzvn39e
<!-- Discord channels -->
[#programming-and-interactives-tank]: https://discord.com/channels/446825069151256596/892156485713403904

<!-- BUFFER -->

Commit message:

Alpha v0.18.0-u54 - Remove deprecated stuff/links

docs/appendix/resources.md, after:

---
comments: true
icon: material/bookmark-outline
---

# Resources

## Interactive CYOA Creator

* [Online version](https://intcyoacreator.onrender.com/)
* [Offline version at itch.io (one-time purchase of 2.50 USD or more)][icc]
* [Interactive CYOA Creator Plus][ICC+]^([post][ICC+post])^([repo][ICC+repo])^ – By Wahaha303 /
  Hikawa Sisters. A modded version of the ICC that includes a massive amount of
  changes, such as automatically converting large images files to webp, border
  image setting, large backpack image download, a loading animation built in to
  the viewer, and other additions. Also fixes each row duplicating the
  background image and many more other fixes. Includes a new
  [viewer][ICC+viewer].
* [Lt. Ouroumov's Modded Creator][lt-creat] – A modded version of the ICC that
  has many changes, such as generating longer IDs and requirement optimization.

[ICC+]: https://hikawasisters.neocities.org/ICCPlus/
[ICC+post]: https://www.reddit.com/r/InteractiveCYOA/comments/1dlwjyj/modded_interactive_cyoa_creator_plus/
[ICC+viewer]: https://github.com/wahaha303/ICCPlus/releases/latest
[ICC+repo]: https://github.com/wahaha303/ICCPlus
[lt-creat]: https://cyoa.ltouroumov.ch/editor/

## Tools

* [AvifCyoaCompressor]^([repo][avif-repo])^ ^([post][avif-post])^ – By
  blathers16/bubo_virginianus. A tool that compresses CYOAs massively by
  converting the images to the .avif or webm format, which supports both
  regular images and GIFs, dropping the project size anywhere from 30 to 55%.

!!! warning

    Some people find that this website's quality slider doesn't work, and may
    end up increasing the file size. Please make sure to backup any work before
    using this tool, and compare the `project.json`s' file sizes before
    deciding to upload it[^Aquagirl2001].

* [InteractiveCyoaVerifier]^([repo][ver-repo])^ – By blathers16. This is a tool
  that checks CYOAs too make sure that there are no bugs.
* [dct][dct-repo] – By DelicateIntegral. A tool that can process ICC
  jsons in various ways.

    * Disabling Images.
    * Refreshing Discord links, downloading images (imgur skipped due to errors) to a image folder and updating urls accordingly.
    * Converting Images (image format, image quality can be chosen) when saving
      after downloading.
    * Changing prefixes of urls/paths of images in json.
    * Converting Base64 embedded images to local images in image folder and
      updating urls/paths accordingly.
    * Converting images in image folder to Base64 and embedding in json.

!!! warning

    Current python version has not been updated for quite some time and has been deprecated in favor of re-implementation in compiled language. You can get the last released version "v0.6.8-alpha" written in python from the release page linked above. Please note that it is in alpha and can have multiple bugs.

* [IntCyoaAutosaver] – By Name0930. A userscript that automatically saves your
  CYOAs made with MeanDelay's or Lt. Ouroumov's creator.
  [RegExp Download Organizer] can be used with this to automatically sort your
  downloads folder.

[AvifCyoaCompressor]: https://avif-cyoa-compressor.neocities.org/
[avif-repo]: https://github.com/blathers16/avif-cyoa-compressor
[avif-post]: https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa/comments/1bym8t8/new_cyoa_compressor/
[InteractiveCyoaVerifier]: https://interactive-cyoa-verifier.neocities.org/
[ver-repo]: https://github.com/blathers16/interactive-cyoa-verifier
[dct-repo]: https://github.com/DelicateIntegral/dct/releases/latest
[IntCyoaAutosaver]: https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/491127-intcyoaautosaver
[RegExp Download Organizer]: https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/regexp-download-organizer/oamembonjndgangicfphlckkdmagpjlg

## Other Creators

* [NeoICC](https://github.com/sgvsbg8gv29ybgqk/neoicc) - An ideological
  successor to the original Interactive CYOA Creator
* [Interactive CYOA Engine](https://cyoaengine.neocities.org/) - May need to
  edit files directly as the editor isn't done yet.
* [Lt Ouroumov's CYOA Editor](https://github.com/ltouroumov/cyoa-editor)
* [CYOA Maker](https://cyoa-maker.glitch.me/) – A creator that builds off of
  static images
* [CYOA Generator](https://github.com/maxtepafray/cyoa-generator) – An
  AngularJS based web framework for making interactive CYOAs. Preview
  [here](https://maxtepafray.github.io/cyoa-generator/).
* [Chickens2's Engine](https://github.com/chickens2/chickens2.github.io/) –
  Engine and development environment for interactive versions of CYOA images
* [CYOA Studio](https://quantencomputer.github.io/cyoastudio/) – An open-source
static CYOA creator, for those who are less graphically-inclined.
* [CYOAP](https://n7484443.github.io/cyoap_flutter/) – An online creator that
  apparently allows for advanced logic
* [Corrosive-Forge](https://github.com/Arzte/Corrosive-Forge/) (WIP) – An
  interactive CYOA maker & viewer made in Rust with the Leptos crate
* [Moirai Interactive] by Lt. Ouroumov – An Interactive CYOA Creator. Seemingly
  inactive
* [Novelette](https://github.com/WriterOfWorlds/Novelette) (Unknown status) –
  Designed as a replacement/successor to the Interactive CYOA Creator, with the
  ability to play and create visual novels too.

[Moirai Interactive]: https://ltouroumov.github.io/moirai-interactive/editor/#/

## Social Media

### Reddit

* [r/InteractiveCYOA] – A subreddit for Interactive CYOAs. If you make an
Interactive, feel free to showcase it here!
* [r/makeyourchoice] – The original CYOA subreddit. Interactives are accepted
but only if you link the static. If you are creating an original interactive,
either [export it as a static] or create a static manually.
* [r/nsfwcyoa] – A subreddit for NSFW CYOAs.

### Discord

Here are some discord servers that relate to CYOAs and Interactive CYOAs.

* [PixelGMS's Interactive CYOAs] – The primary discord server for Interactive
CYOAs. It was made by [u/PixelGMS], who is the creator of the
[r/InteractiveCYOA] subreddit.
  * If you join, go into `#roles` and get the `CYOA Making Channels` role.
    This will let you join `#cyoa-making`, a channel that'll help you should
    you get stuck on something.
* [makeyourchoice] – A discord server for the [r/makeyourchoice] subreddit.
* [nsfwcyoa] – A discord server for the [r/nsfwcyoa] subreddit.
  * Check out [#programming-and-interactives-tank] for discussion on
      Interactive CYOAs.
* [CYOA 101](https://discord.gg/QNBKw6beu9) – A server for learning how to do
  CYOAs, by Dragon's Whore.
* [/CYOA/] – A discord server from 4chan.
* [CYOA][CYOA-discord] – Another discord server from 4chan.

### Other

* [https://arca.live/b/cyoa](https://arca.live/b/cyoa) – Korean CYOA community

## Tutorials

Credits to these tutorials and information sources for helping me make this
tutorial.

* [CYOA 101 by Dragon's Whore] (NSFW) – A huge tutorial on how to make
  Interactive CYOAs
* [How to guide on making interactive CYOAs for a first time creator. (Reddit)]
– This guide shows you how to upload your finished Interactive CYOAs to
Neocities, which is also covered in *this* tutorial
[here](./publishing/#uploading-your-project).

  Direct links:

  * [Imgur](https://imgur.com/a/QV36Ix8)
  * [Google Slides][1]

* [Tips and Pitfalls for Interactive CYOA Creators (Reddit)] – Contributed a
fair amount to this tutorial.
* [MeanDelay's Interactive CYOA Creator Tutorial][pgmstut] – Made by
  [u/PixelGMS]
* [Interactive CYOA Tips & Tricks (intcyoacreator)][png-man-tutorial] – Made by
  [u/PNG-MAN].
* [Uploading Interactive CYOAs onto neocities] – By [u/PixelatedNSFW].
* [Here's how to put your CYOA onto Neocities] – Also by [u/PixelatedNSFW].
* [Just curious, how do you start making CYOAs?] – Advice in the comments
* [Wanna make a cyoa... but how important is the design?] – Advice in the
comments
* [How to make (format) a CYOA post?] – Advice in the comments

### Static CYOAs

Resources primarily for Static CYOAs. May still apply to creating Interactives.

* [How to Create a CYOA] – From the official [r/makeyourchoice] subreddit, this
  guide is focused more on static CYOAs. However, should you create an
  Interactive from scratch rather than adapting them, this could help you.
* [Tips and Tricks for CYOA Making] – By Hexall.
* [On Building CYOAs] - By Fox.
* [Tips for writing descriptions] – A post with many comments to help you write
  descriptions of your own content.
* [Inkscape Guide] – An (incomplete?) guide on how to use Inkscape to make
  CYOAs

[On Building CYOAs]: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1s3qR_KsmRlD5FAzle0l488yhhpoI_hV1/view

## Templates

* Interactive CYOA Template by Valmar
  * [Preview](https://valmar.neocities.org/cyoas/template/)
  * [Download][cyoa-template-dl]
* [Static CYOA Template by Pubby](https://github.com/pubby/cyoa-template) –
An HTML and CSS template for creating 4chan-style CYOAs.

## CYOAs

### Archives

Actual downloadable CYOAs.

* [The Allsync](https://cyoaarchive.com/main) – The Allsync is perhaps **the**
definitive CYOA archive. It contains almost all static CYOAs, taking up a
whopping total of 103.7 GB as of writing this.
  * [Alternate link][allsync-latest].
  * [The Blog](https://cyoaarchive.blogspot.com/)
  * [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/cyoa_archive) – Support the Allsync
      financially using the official Patreon
* [CYOA (Drive)][cyoa-drive] – A massive NSFW CYOA archive. Claims to have 80%
  of CYOAs (presumably only NSFW ones). Has 300 folders.
* [TokHaar Gol's CYOAs] – This is TokHaar Gol's personal Google Drive with
their CYOAs.

### Indexes

Catalogues and links to CYOAs.

* [CYOA Archives] – An absolutely massive sortable catalogue of both Static AND
  Interactive CYOAs. Includes NSFW. 10,612 entries.
* [Infaera's Interactive Index](https://infaera.neocities.org/) – By
[u/Infaera]. A solid index of Interactive CYOAs, containing 406 entries.
  * [Reddit post][infaera-post]
* [NSFWCYOA Archive] – A massive archive of NSFW CYOAs. Includes Interactives
in a separate sheet. Also has a lot of sorting options. 1571 main entries and
258 Interactive entries as of writing.
* [List of Interactive CYOAs] – From [r/nsfwcyoa].
  * [TextBin](https://textbin.net/clone/veoxiknpjo)
* [CYOA List (Doc)][cyoa-list] — A document containing a list of CYOAs, static,
  interactive, SFW, and NSFW. 202 entries.
* [Compilation of all Interactive CYOAs on r/InteractiveCYOA] – By
[u/PixelGMS]. It contains 57 entries.
  * [Reddit post][pixel-post]
* [Ikeran's Jumpchain Index](https://ikeran.org/jumpchain-index.html) – A list
  of Jumpchains

## Stories

Websites where you can post stories made by CYOAs.

* [SpaceBattles (SB)](https://forums.spacebattles.com/) – A forum for all sorts
  of things. The **Creative Writing** section is where you can post and view
  stories.
  * [General CYOA Thread][sb-general-cyoa-thread]
  * [Creative Writing][sb-cw]
* [Questionable Questing (QQ)](https://questionablequesting.com/) **(NSFW)** –
  Like the above, but is more lenient in terms of rules. Allows NSFW content.
  * [General QQ CYOA Thread][qq-general-cyoa-thread] – Check the
        [Threadmarks][qq-thread-tm] for more indexes
* [Sufficient Velocity (SV)](https://forums.sufficientvelocity.com/) – A
  splinter of SpaceBattles.

[sb-cw]: https://forums.spacebattles.com/forums/creative-writing.18/

## Images and Media

### General

* [Pixiv](https://www.pixiv.net/en/)
* [Artstation](https://www.artstation.com)
* [DeviantArt](https://www.deviantart.com/)
* [Danbooru](https://danbooru.donmai.us/) – Anime images (contains NSFW)
* [Gelbooru](https://gelbooru.com/) – Anime and Hentai gallery (contains NSFW)
* [Google Images](https://www.google.com/imghp)
* [/tg/booru](https://grognard.booru.org/) – Booru for /tg/
* [Pinterest](https://www.pinterest.com)
* [Zerochan](https://www.zerochan.net/) – Anime images

### Icons

* [https://game-icons.net/](https://game-icons.net/)

### Fonts

* [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/) – Massive fonts list for use in
  your project.

### Background

* [Toptal Subtle Patterns](https://www.toptal.com/designers/subtlepatterns/)
  – 500+ subtle background patterns for background flair.

## Other Resources

* [r/nsfwcyoa's wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa/wiki/index/)
* [Image Resources] – From [r/makeyourchoice]

## Programming Resources

### HTML

* [Programiz](https://www.programiz.com/html) – Easy to understand.
* [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp) – Good reference.

### CSS

* [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp) – Reference.
* [Guide to CSS properties and selectors](https://css-tricks.com/almanac/)
* [A Complete Guide to Flexbox by CSS Tricks] – Tutorial on Flexboxes
* [Learn CSS Layout](https://learnlayout.com/)

### JavaScript

* [https://javascript.info/](https://javascript.info/) – Not interactive. One
  of the best full courses on JavaScript. This tutorial actually inspired me a
  lot to create this tutorial.
* [freeCodeCamp][fcc-js] – A good interactive JavaScript tutorial.
* [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/js/default.asp) – A good reference for
  when you want learn specific parts of the language.

### Multiple

* [freeCodeCamp][fcc-html-css] – Interactive HTML and CSS tutorial.
* [Mozilla docs] – HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Comprehensive, but can be hard to
  follow for beginners.
* [Learn to Code HTML & CSS](https://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/) – HTML and
  CSS basics. Very simple and easy to follow.
* [Interneting Is Hard](https://internetingishard.netlify.app/) – Friendly web
  development tutorials for complete beginners.
* [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/) – Web Dev Tutorials /
  Courses.

## Miscellaneous

* [Chooseyourownbooru](https://cyoa.booru.org/) – A booru for CYOAs.
* [CYOA Thread Pasta](https://pastebin.com/vrqYhnpu) – Pastebin that provided a
lot of information for this page.
* [Some Musings by a CYOA Author](https://pastebin.com/qaL8nDD8) – A post by
StarDustAnon. It contains musings and advice on how to create CYOAs in general.
An excellent read.
* [Interactive CYOA Tools](https://github.com/aronedwards91/portal-jumper) – A
  home page for aronedwards91's Interactive CYOA Tools.
* [ICCT Static Folder](/static) – It's the `static/` directory of this
  tutorial. It contains a couple of useful things to download.
* [ICC Comments](https://meandelay.itch.io/interactive-cyoa-creator/comments) –
  The Interactive CYOA Creator's comments section. Go to this if you can't find
  help anywhere else. You can also go through this, see if anyone else has had
  your problem, and see if anyone replied with a solution.
* [General QQ CYOA Thread's Threadmarks][qq-thread-tm] – A list of indexes that
  helped out this page

<!-- URLs -->
[cyoa-template-dl]: https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/cjssl5mk5h6rhr8mz7w1s/Template.json?rlkey=whf28vz69wqrt0d8jjfvitzty&dl=0
[icc]: https://meandelay.itch.io/interactive-cyoa-creator
[allsync-latest]: https://cyoa.allsync.com/s/owWor64yLTngDk3
[png-man-tutorial]: https://old.reddit.com/user/PNG-MAN/comments/y03ftf/interactive_cyoa_tips_tricks_intcyoacreator/
[1]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18wSgIooZxM_uA3I90KmZICl9guaQMeVIuqCpV-UffJA/edit
[How to guide on making interactive CYOAs for a first time creator. (Reddit)]: https://www.reddit.com/r/InteractiveCYOA/comments/nxrlvm/how_to_guide_on_making_interactive_cyoas_for_a/
[Tips and Pitfalls for Interactive CYOA Creators (Reddit)]: https://www.reddit.com/r/InteractiveCYOA/comments/wrf0hl/tips_and_pitfalls_for_interactive_cyoa_creators/
[export it as a static]: ../../publishing/static/
[pgmstut]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1WposnAdGbhDw1Yf11v1Fs-nKq4i500qvaCGlcd2xgrU/edit
[Compilation of all Interactive CYOAs on r/InteractiveCYOA]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UKCn4of4jQ4L8eAdV3gT5QGdeav7jNSeyxxehKmUepE/edit#gid=0
[infaera-post]: https://www.reddit.com/r/InteractiveCYOA/comments/x270ap/an_interactive_index/
[pixel-post]: https://old.reddit.com/r/InteractiveCYOA/comments/tcy0ds/rinteractivecyoa_cyoa_archive/
[nsfwcyoa Archive]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1B_VAe36Z85UCyDSTkNTLorAdPK3linniKPI7nw4tR00/edit#gid=1103183908
[cyoadb]: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/qs4ymgxa5zcj4kt/AABrLbkqxfdUMje3D2ibklh-a?dl=0
[TokHaar Gol's CYOAs]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B1CwO4KqTgloRXVUV19DR19hdEk
[tok]: https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa/wiki/profiles/tokhaargol/
[How to Create a CYOA]: https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/wiki/cyoaguide/
[Tips and Tricks for CYOA Making]: https://pastebin.com/ccCpYHzj
[Tips for writing descriptions]: https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/comments/drhoto/any_tips_for_writing_descriptions/
[Image Resources]: https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/wiki/imageresources/
[Uploading Interactive CYOAs onto neocities]: https://old.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa/comments/14uula6/uploading_interactive_cyoas_onto_neocities/
[Here's how to put your CYOA onto Neocities]: https://old.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa/comments/14uqf2g/emperors_harem/jr9by4e/
[Just curious, how do you start making CYOAs?]: https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/comments/bbu2kv/just_curious_how_do_you_start_making_cyoas/
[Wanna make a cyoa... but how important is the design?]: https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/comments/jvzklw/wanna_make_a_cyoa_but_how_important_is_the_design/
[How to make (format) a CYOA post?]: https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/comments/ddaqwa/how_to_make_format_a_cyoa_post/
[fcc-js]: https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/
[fcc-html-css]: https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/2022/responsive-web-design/
[Mozilla docs]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn
[CYOA 101 by Dragon's Whore]: https://imgchest.com/p/ej7mkx9qydl
[Inkscape Guide]: https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa/wiki/tutorials/inkscapestartingguide/
[CYOA Archives]: https://cyoa-archive.getgrist.com/iRRjcoVdXJNV/CYOA-Archives/p/5
[A Complete Guide to Flexbox by CSS Tricks]: https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/
[cyoa-drive]: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1rmtAKU9EbE4gDKb3TfRZOrCBVpgyxKIS?usp=drive_link
[sb-general-cyoa-thread]: https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/general-cyoa-thread.315809/
[qq-general-cyoa-thread]: https://questionablequesting.com/threads/general-qq-cyoa-thread.1263/
[qq-thread-tm]: https://questionablequesting.com/threads/general-qq-cyoa-thread.1263/threadmarks?category_id=1
[List of Interactive CYOAs]: https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa/comments/vjqmy2/list_of_interactive_cyoas/
[cyoa-list]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S8Xoemi0Z6ZgkxmhWmSOlFPMblfZQutoLjst7yqzUw8/edit

<!-- Subreddits -->
[r/InteractiveCYOA]: https://www.reddit.com/r/InteractiveCYOA/
[r/makeyourchoice]: https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/
[r/nsfwcyoa]: https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfwcyoa

<!-- Users -->
[u/PNG-MAN]: https://old.reddit.com/user/PNG-MAN/
[u/PixelGMS]: https://old.reddit.com/user/PixelGMS
[u/Infaera]: https://old.reddit.com/user/Infaera/
[u/PixelatedNSFW]: https://old.reddit.com/user/PixelatedNSFW

<!-- Credits -->
[^Aquagirl2001]: Credit to `Aquagirl2001` on Discord for this.

<!-- Discord servers -->
[makeyourchoice]: https://discord.gg/M3sbCY2
[/CYOA/]: https://discord.gg/72QNY4Y
[CYOA-discord]: https://discord.gg/Cwm8nCM
[nsfwcyoa]: https://discord.gg/nVfxqbr
[PixelGMS's Interactive CYOAs]: https://discord.gg/Nvadzvn39e
<!-- Discord channels -->
[#programming-and-interactives-tank]: https://discord.com/channels/446825069151256596/892156485713403904

<!-- BUFFER -->
