docs/index.md, before:

---
title: Interactive CYOA Creator Tutorial
description: A complete and comprehensive guide to using the Interactive CYOA Creator by MeanDelay.
comments: true
# icon: material/library # the default icon
---

# Interactive CYOA Tutorial
This is a complete and comprehensive guide to using the **Interactive CYOA
Creator** by **MeanDelay**.

This tutorial serves as a starting point for beginners who may wish to create
their own Interactive CYOA, as well as a reference for more experienced
creators who are looking for a refresher.

For a tutorial on each aspect of the ICC, continue to the introduction.

For knowledge on how to achieve a specific outcome, go to the
[Reference].

[Continue to the Introduction :material-arrow-right:][continue]{ .md-button }

[Download this tutorial for offline use :material-download:][tut-dl]{ .md-button }

## Useful links

### Interactive CYOA Creator
* [Online version](https://intcyoacreator.onrender.com/)
* [Offline version at itch.io (one-time purchase of 2.50 USD or more)][itch]

### Appendix
* [Reference] – Practical knowledge on the Interactive
CYOA Creator.
* [Troubleshooting](./appendix/troubleshooting/) – Have a problem? Have a look
in here for a solution.
* [Resources](./appendix/resources/) – Resources for CYOAs and Interactive
CYOAs. Have a look in here for more useful links!
* [About](./appendix/about/) – Information about this tutorial.

## Feedback and Contributing
If you have any questions, concerns, corrections, or anything else, please
comment below, either here or under the specific section of the tutorial.
Please bear in mind though, that to comment you need a [GitHub] account.

This project is **Open Source**. If you want to contribute to this tutorial
directly, fork the repository
[here](https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/fork), make your
changes, and then open a pull request. Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md] for writing
guidelines.

Otherwise, feel free to [contact me][contact].

<!-- URLs -->
[itch]: https://meandelay.itch.io/interactive-cyoa-creator
[contact]: https://upasadena.github.io/#social-media-and-contact
[CONTRIBUTING.md]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
[GitHub]: https://github.com/
[continue]: ./introduction/
[tut-dl]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/heads/gh-pages.zip
[Reference]: ./appendix/reference/

<!-- BUFFER -->

Commit message:

Alpha v0.18.0-u39 - More additions to custom editors and viewers

docs/index.md, after:

---
title: Interactive CYOA Creator Tutorial
description: A complete and comprehensive guide to using the Interactive CYOA Creator by MeanDelay.
comments: true
# icon: material/library # the default icon
---

# Interactive CYOA Tutorial
This is a complete and comprehensive guide to using the **Interactive CYOA
Creator** by **MeanDelay**.

This tutorial serves as a starting point for beginners who may wish to create
their own Interactive CYOA, as well as a reference for more experienced
creators who are looking for a refresher.

For a tutorial on each aspect of the ICC, continue to the introduction.

For knowledge on how to achieve a specific outcome, go to the
[Reference].

[Continue to the Introduction :material-arrow-right:][continue]{ .md-button }

[Download this tutorial for offline use :material-download:][tut-dl]{ .md-button }

## Useful links

### Interactive CYOA Creator
* [Online version](https://intcyoacreator.onrender.com/)
* [Offline version at itch.io (one-time purchase of 2.50 USD or more)][itch]
* [Interactive CYOA Creator Plus][ICC+]^([post][ICC+post])^ – By Wahaha303 /
  Hikawa Sisters. A modded version of the ICC that includes a massive amount of
  changes, such as automatically converting large images files to webp, border
  image setting, large backpack image download, loading animation built in to
  the viewer, and other additions. Also fixes each row duplicating the
  background image and many more other fixes. Includes a new
  [viewer][ICC+viewer].
* [Lt Ouroumov's Modded Creator][lt-creat] – A modded version of the ICC that
  has many changes, such as generating longer IDs and requirement optimization.

[ICC+]: https://hikawasisters.neocities.org/ICCPlus/
[ICC+post]: https://www.reddit.com/r/InteractiveCYOA/comments/1dlwjyj/modded_interactive_cyoa_creator_plus/
[ICC+viewer]: https://mega.nz/file/mjoxVbpT#idyHx8JAxxAepfvmOj95Of7E-KfA89yT3RCLVOo4POM
[lt-creat]: https://cyoa.ltouroumov.ch/editor/

### Appendix
* [Reference] – Practical knowledge on the Interactive
CYOA Creator.
* [Troubleshooting](./appendix/troubleshooting/) – Have a problem? Have a look
in here for a solution.
* [Resources](./appendix/resources/) – Resources for CYOAs and Interactive
CYOAs. Have a look in here for more useful links!
* [About](./appendix/about/) – Information about this tutorial.

## Feedback and Contributing
If you have any questions, concerns, corrections, or anything else, please
comment below, either here or under the specific section of the tutorial.
Please bear in mind though, that to comment you need a [GitHub] account.

This project is **Open Source**. If you want to contribute to this tutorial
directly, fork the repository
[here](https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/fork), make your
changes, and then open a pull request. Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md] for writing
guidelines.

Otherwise, feel free to [contact me][contact].

<!-- URLs -->
[itch]: https://meandelay.itch.io/interactive-cyoa-creator
[contact]: https://upasadena.github.io/#social-media-and-contact
[CONTRIBUTING.md]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
[GitHub]: https://github.com/
[continue]: ./introduction/
[tut-dl]: https://github.com/upasadena/interactive-cyoa-tutorial/archive/refs/heads/gh-pages.zip
[Reference]: ./appendix/reference/

<!-- BUFFER -->
